Basic German Pronunciation Practice-using IMovie to edit a teaching demo

Jorge Marcillo :+1: Excellent video,it helped me a lot to understand german pronuntiation.Also I'd appreciate a lot
if you can help me with this issue,when should pronounce CH as j or as CH 

Brenna Byrd  :+1:  i m not sure what  you mean.When would one pronounce ch as  j? Can you give me an example?
Lars Vinterqvist :  If you re talking about the Spanish J,then yes ,German CH is pronounced the same way.

Brenna Byrd"
  HI Jorge, I can't add a link in a comment,so i'll put the link in the video description,but for a helpful website you can also google lowa phonetics and you should be brought to a website that describes the sounds of Spanish,English and German in a great detail.



konigreichprussia :+1:  Whay is the difference between ss and  ß I am feeling confused....
jonaticpower
iäm german,Iguess it s hard to learn this language ,isnot it_
In diana JOnes664
nothing ,and they can be interchanged at free will,but a lot of words will be learnt using one or the other ,for instance.essen))((e,´+üppppoßßß)ßto eat,ERgeschoßßfirst one or the other,for instanceö.essen (eßen) ergeschoss´´´first floor.some nouns will look slightlz weired with the ß though ,such as if you use it in essen,Ich hoffe,dass ich dir geholfen habe,und viel Glß´ß#,.-such as if you it in essen Ich hoffe,dass dir geholffen habe,und viel Gluck mit DeutchÄ)
das hab ich nicht mal der ersten Klasse gemachtÄ

pianoßmusic Actuallz there is no big  difference is,tha if ß is written after a vowel,the one big difference is ,that if ß very little  means the opposite of in Massen (very much ) and  you just hear that by the difference pronounciation.
oh ha she is sazzing  int    i cant explain the difference between ss and ß i n youtube comment,but i can assure you we germans often dont know the difference,too.even in essays or class tests.
Often you really have to learn how it  is pronounced and used in seperate words,because many words featuring ss and ß original rules
samusthpf

old comment but maybe i can help you.The german ch is normally not from the deeper throat its rather like air rushing out of  your mouth through a thin but wide space making an extremely flat#+++----
 samusthpf 
old comment but  maybe I can help you .The german Ch is normally not from the deeper throat its rather like air rushing out of your mouth through a thin but wide space making an extremely flat/brillion noise**((*(like SH but way more brilliantl.
Only in some accents from the south or from switzerland you pronounce the cH harder,like a scraching K in your throat.
hope I could help you ;(
  I know you wrote we so you re probably german,but ill write english so every one can understand i ig-ich,is exactly not the standard way,you swapped it.ig ig inHOCH deutsch.ig ich in northern /middle accent.
for example schmierig order schmutzig are all the same .some say schmutzich
because it s their accent,but official ig ig.
Janpanlesnap
 LOve when the teacher says good with the German accent!



